Influenza, also known as the flu,
is a respiratory infection
caused by a virus.
The virus spreads through close
contact with someone who is
sneezing or coughing
or by handling objects that were touched
by someone with the flu.
Compared to a cold,
flu symptoms develop much faster
and are more severe.
They can last from 3 days
to 2 weeks.
Symptoms of flu include:
chills and fever
severe muscle aches
severe headache
runny nose
dry cough
sore throat
Your healthcare provider can
prescribe medications to reduce
the severity of flu symptoms,
if taken right away.
You can reduce your chances of
getting the flu
by staying away from
people who are sick;
washing your hands frequently,
especially before touching your
eyes, nose, or mouth;
and getting a flu
vaccination each year.